refactor: shared workspace dependencies (#2440)
input-output-hk/mithril: mithril-stm/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## 0.3.yy (dd-mm-2025)

Reviewer: This needs to be updated before merging :slightly_smiling_face:

> - Remove the build script and deprecate `batch-verify-aggregate` feature as the code behind this feature is now
>   compatible with WASM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the build script and deprecated `batch-verify-aggregate` feature as the code behind this feature is now
compatible with WASM.
```
